GIthub/README.md, before:

# Github

### The problem was facing without GitHub:
1. Sharing the code
2. versionig(Controlling the versions it's difficult)
3. Merging code

#### solution with Github
1. **Sharing the code:**
  - if two more people want to share there code and collaborate for the project, they will do with GitHub.
  - GitHub stored the code and give the chance to implement this code when they want and give the same authority for all they will have access
  img

2. **versionig:**
 - If we want to mantain applications with version of code and feature.
 - It's done with github, Github maintain a code with a commits
 img

3. **Merging code:**
 - If two or more people work on same project we need to marge it and exchange the new changes as well.
 - GitHub also take care of this feature, GitHub maintain the code and allow to get the code in your local and post back.
 img


### For this feature, GitHub have own rules:
- install Git -> Install my software in your project
- commits -> when your project ready to save make commits for save this perticular project
- push -> after commit and you want to push this code on server for the record make
- pull -> when some one code pushed on Github, you want to update this code in your local to. so, pull it and add your local too.



### git commands:
1. a utility tool to review and read a history of everything that happens to a repository.
    > git log

2. inialize for git folder with the this command: this command created a folder that's a created by git by default
    > git init
    
3. git commit -a. Commit a snapshot of all changes in the working directory.
       > git commit
   - A shortcut command that immediately creates a commit with a passed commit message.
       >  git commit -m "commit message"

4. displays the state of the working directory and the staging area.
    > git status

5. Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc
    > git diff

6. adds a change in the working directory to the staging area. It tells Git that you want to include updates to a particular file in the next commit. 
    > git add .

7. You typically configure your global username and email address after installing Git.
   - Set your username
       > git config --global user.name "FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME"
   - Set your email address
       > git config --global user.email "MY_NAME@example.com"

8. used to upload local repository content to a remote repository
   > git push
   - push your code into the master branch
   > git push origin

Commit message:

Branch type y created a branching in industrial project

GIthub/README.md, after:

# Github

### The problem was facing without GitHub:
1. Sharing the code
2. versionig(Controlling the versions it's difficult)
3. Merging code

#### solution with Github
1. **Sharing the code:**
  - if two more people want to share there code and collaborate for the project, they will do with GitHub.
  - GitHub stored the code and give the chance to implement this code when they want and give the same authority for all they will have access
  img

2. **versionig:**
 - If we want to mantain applications with version of code and feature.
 - It's done with github, Github maintain a code with a commits
 img

3. **Merging code:**
 - If two or more people work on same project we need to marge it and exchange the new changes as well.
 - GitHub also take care of this feature, GitHub maintain the code and allow to get the code in your local and post back.
 img


### For this feature, GitHub have own rules:
- install Git -> Install my software in your project
- commits -> when your project ready to save make commits for save this perticular project
- push -> after commit and you want to push this code on server for the record make
- pull -> when some one code pushed on Github, you want to update this code in your local to. so, pull it and add your local too.



### git commands:
1. a utility tool to review and read a history of everything that happens to a repository.
    > git log

2. inialize for git folder with the this command: this command created a folder that's a created by git by default
    > git init
    
3. git commit -a. Commit a snapshot of all changes in the working directory.
       > git commit
   - A shortcut command that immediately creates a commit with a passed commit message.
       >  git commit -m "commit message"

4. displays the state of the working directory and the staging area.
    > git status

5. Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc
    > git diff

6. adds a change in the working directory to the staging area. It tells Git that you want to include updates to a particular file in the next commit. 
    > git add .

7. You typically configure your global username and email address after installing Git.
   - Set your username
       > git config --global user.name "FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME"
   - Set your email address
       > git config --global user.email "MY_NAME@example.com"

8. used to upload local repository content to a remote repository
     > git push
   - push your code into the master branch
     > git push origin

9. In order to hard reset to the commit right before HEAD, use “git reset” with the “–hard” option and specify HEAD^.(deleted the previous commit).
  > git reset --hard "COMMIT_ID"



### branching
1. creating a branch and checkout on created branch(checkout for switch and -b for create a new branch)
   > git checkout -b "branchName"

*There are 4 type of branching*
  *i release: Release branches are used for release task and long-term maintenance of software versions.*
  *ii hotfix: Maintenance or “hotfix” branches are used to quickly patch production releases. Hotfix branches are a lot like release branches and feature branches except they're based on main instead of develop.*
  *iii feature: A feature branch is a temporary branch used for development or testing purposes.*
  *iv bug: branches for bug fixes that are going into a planned upcoming release should be in feature branches.*
